1. D X- Maximum size of Data Box. 80 TB
2. CX - Data Box is ideally sutied for data sizes larger than 40 TB in scenarios with limited or no network connectivity.
3. AX - Local web UI is used to configure the device for network connectivity and register the device with the Data Box Service.
4. DX - Tamper-resistant Screws and Stickers are used in Rugged casing. 
5. C
6. B
7. DX - Resource group's location stores metadata about the resources for compliance reasons.
8. A 
9. AX - Maximum number of instances of a resource type allowed in a resource group. 800 Instances
10. C
11. B
12. B - What happens when you delete a resource group in Azure.
13. B
14. B
15. C
16. B
17. C
18. C
19. CX - Trained operators need to carefully monitor automated processes to avoid risks during a DR scenario.
20. D
21. C
22. C
23. C
24. BX - Data in LRS is replicated three times within a single data center in the primary region.
25. C
26. BX - ZRS replicates data synchronously across three Azure Availability zones in the primary region.
27. AX - ZRS offers durabikity for storage resources of at least 99.9999999999% over a given year.
28. CX - GZRS combines avaialbility zones with protection from regional outages.
29. DX - During failover, the secondary region becomes the primary region.
30. CX - Read-access geo-redundant storage (RA-GRS) provides the capability to read data from the secondary region in addition to geo-redundancy, allowing users to access their data even if the primary region is unavailable.





Learn about Data Box:
Learn about ARM:
Resource Groups:
Difference between all the redundant storage types: